[DOCS] Edit to Upgrade Security (#1663)
elastic/security-docs: docs/upgrade/upgrade-security.asciidoc

[[upgrade-reqs]]
== Upgrade requirements

[float]
[[upgrade-agents]]
=== Upgrade {agent}s

> Upgrade your {stack} and {agent}s to 7.17 first (refer to {fleet-guide}/upgrade-elastic-agent.html[Upgrade Fleet-managed Elastic Agents]). Afterwards, you can {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[upgrade the {stack}] to 8.0. Initially, {agent}s will be version 7.17; this is fine because {elastic-sec} 8.x supports the last minor release in 7.x (7.17) and any subsequent {elastic-endpoint} versions in 8.x. After the {stack} upgrade, you can decide whether to upgrade {agent}s to 8.0, which is recommended to ensure you get the latest features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade your {stack} and {agent}s to 7.17 first (refer to {fleet-guide}/upgrade-elastic-agent.html[Upgrade Fleet-managed Elastic Agents]). Afterwards, you can {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[upgrade the {stack}] to 8.x. Initially, {agent}s will be version 7.17; this is fine because {elastic-sec} 8.x supports the last minor release in 7.x (7.17) and any subsequent {elastic-endpoint} versions in 8.x. After the {stack} upgrade, you can decide whether to upgrade {agent}s to 8.0, which is recommended to ensure you get the latest features.
```

Reviewer: Mainly recommending this because the [linked upgrade docs](https://security-docs_1663.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/elastic-stack/master/upgrading-elastic-stack.html) are pointing to a topic that contains the 8.2 version, which leads me to assume that the link will lead users to the latest version of 8.x Stack upgrade docs.

[[upgrade-reqs]]
== Upgrade requirements

*Upgrade {agent}s*

> Upgrade your {stack} and {agent}s to 7.17 first (refer to {fleet-guide}/upgrade-elastic-agent.html[Upgrade Fleet-managed Elastic Agents]). After this is complete, you can  {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[upgrade the {stack}] to 8.0. Initially, {agent}s will be version 7.17; this is fine because {elastic-sec} supports the last minor release in 7.x (7.17) and any subsequent {elastic-endpoint} versions in 8.x. After the {stack} upgrade, you can decide whether to upgrade {agent}s to 8.0, which is recommended to ensure you get the latest features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrade your {stack} and {agent}s to 7.17 first (refer to {fleet-guide}/upgrade-elastic-agent.html[Upgrade Fleet-managed Elastic Agents]). Afterwards, you can  {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[upgrade the {stack}] to 8.0. Initially, {agent}s will be version 7.17; this is fine because {elastic-sec} 8.x supports the last minor release in 7.x (7.17) and any subsequent {elastic-endpoint} versions in 8.x. After the {stack} upgrade, you can decide whether to upgrade {agent}s to 8.0, which is recommended to ensure you get the latest features.
```

> Upgrade your {stack} and {agent}s to 7.17 first (refer to {fleet-guide}/upgrade-elastic-agent.html[Upgrade Fleet-managed Elastic Agents]). After this is complete, you can  {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[upgrade the {stack}] to 8.0. Initially, {agent}s will be version 7.17; this is fine because {elastic-sec} supports the last minor release in 7.x (7.17) and any subsequent {elastic-endpoint} versions in 8.x. After the {stack} upgrade, you can decide whether to upgrade {agent}s to 8.0, which is recommended to ensure you get the latest features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade your {stack} and {agent}s to 7.17 first (refer to {fleet-guide}/upgrade-elastic-agent.html[Upgrade Fleet-managed Elastic Agents]). After this is complete, you can {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[upgrade the {stack}] to 8.0. Initially, {agent}s will be version 7.17; this is fine because {elastic-sec} supports the last minor release in 7.x (7.17) and any subsequent {elastic-endpoint} versions in 8.x. After the {stack} upgrade, you can decide whether to upgrade {agent}s to 8.0, which is recommended to ensure you get the latest features.
```

NOTE: You do not need to shut down your {agent}s or endpoints to upgrade the {stack}.

*Re-enable disabled rules*

> Any active rules prior to upgrading from 7.17 will be automatically disabled while upgrading to 8.0, and a tag named `auto_disabled_8.0` will be added to those rules for tracking purposes. Once the upgrade is complete, you can filter rules by the newly added tag, then use bulk actions to re-enable them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any rules active when you upgrade from 7.17 to 8.0 are automatically disabled, and a tag named `auto_disabled_8.0` is added to those rules for tracking purposes. Once the upgrade is complete, you can filter rules by the newly added tag, then use bulk actions to re-enable them:
```

> Any active rules prior to upgrading from 7.17 will be automatically disabled while upgrading to 8.0, and a tag named `auto_disabled_8.0` will be added to those rules for tracking purposes. Once the upgrade is complete, you can filter rules by the newly added tag, then use bulk actions to re-enable them:

Reviewer: I know this might look a bit out of place since the rest of the topic describes pre/post-req steps for upgrading to 8.0, but should the first sentence in this section describe what happens to active rules when upgrading from 7.x to 8.0.1 and above? The automatic process of disabling and tagging previously enabled rules was introduced in 8.0.1 so unless that change was backported to 8.0, users will need to install 8.0.1 (not 8.0) to have their rules handled this way, right?

. Go to the All rules table (*Detect -> Rules*).
. From the *Tags* dropdown, search for `auto_disabled_8.0`.
. Click *Select all _x_ rules*, or individually select the rules you want to re-enable. 

> . Click *Bulk actions -> Activate Selected* to re-enable the rules.

Reviewer 3: Starting in 8.1, the action has been renamed:
```suggestion
. Click *Bulk actions -> Enable* to re-enable the rules.
```

. Go to the All rules table (*Detect -> Rules*).
. Select the rules that you want to enable.
. Click *Bulk actions -> Enable* to re-enable the rules.

[float]
[[reenable-rules-upgrade]]
=== Re-enable disabled rules

IMPORTANT: The following applies to customers who are upgrading from 7.17 to 8.0.1 and newer only. If you are upgrading to 8.0., refer to the instructions above for <<track-rules-upgrade, tracking rules prior to upgrading to 8.0.>>.

> Any rules that are active when you upgrade from 7.17 to 8.0 are automatically disabled, and a tag named `auto_disabled_8.0` is added to those rules for tracking purposes. Once the upgrade is complete, you can filter rules by the newly added tag, then use bulk actions to re-enable them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any rules that are active when you upgrade from 7.17 to 8.0.1 or newer are automatically disabled, and a tag named `auto_disabled_8.0` is added to those rules for tracking purposes. Once the upgrade is complete, you can filter rules by the newly added tag, then use bulk actions to re-enable them:
```

Reviewer: You already mentioned this in the admonition above, but I don't think it'd hurt to mention a second time.
